Once you prioritize your components,
we're gonna start designing them,
we're gonna start building them.
And before we add them to our design kit,
we wanna actually make sure that
they meet certain criteria, right?
The whole point of a system is
to do things the right way,
to be accessible to have everything we
need to know before we develop them.
So, in terms of a checklist, I like having
a checklist to say, hey, can all users,
regardless of circumstance,
use this component?
How should a user, or
how should a component respond when
a user actually interacts with it?
How can they interact with it?
When and
where should this component be used?
Where would I use a link versus a tertiary
button which looks just like a link?
What's the differentiation here?
Are all of the different states, like
the default or neutral state, the hover,
focus, disabled, or all of those defined?
Does this component rely upon any content?
If so, you might wanna talk
to like a content editor.
How about customization?
If you have different products
under a brand identity,
you might have different colors maybe for
each product,
what aspects of our
components can be customized?
And then what happens if I resize
a browser, or if I'm on a mobile device?
What are the differentiating
characteristics on those different
resolutions.
And once it gets through design checklist,
we've then got to build it.
And this is pretty similar
accessibility is gonna be the same.
We have to make sure that
it's keyboard accessible,
I work with assistive technology.
It has to be responsive, so we need to
make sure we implement those designs.
Completion, does actually account for
all aspects of design.
We often get high fidelity
designs from our designers and
maybe it's not pixel perfect,
that's a huge problem.
If you think about it,
all these little pixels, they add up and
they can make a big difference.
Error handling and prop validation.
So, what happens if someone passes
around prop we're using TypeScript or
we're using prop types?
How do we validate the data
coming into our components and
what happens if someone passes
the wrong kind of data?
Also, do all of these work across
all the supported browsers or
do we need to include polyfills somewhere.
This is gonna vary depending
upon your company.
You probably have some set of browsers
that you have to be compatible with.
So just check on them.